 General Rules


1. Do not RDM (Randomly Killing People).

2. Do not break NLR ( 3 minutes ).

3. Do not RDA (Randomly Arresting People).

4. Respect all players.

5. Listen to the staff and do what they say, their word is final.

6. No prop surfing.

7. No prop blocking.

8. No prop pushing.

9. No prop killing.

10. No killing in spawn (is marked).

11. Hacking or exploiting is not allowed.

12. When you die you forget everything that happened in your previous life (NLR).

13. Do not meta game (Using out of character knowledge for RP).

14. Abusing Wiremod will result in a 2 hour ban you only get 1 chance to be told to stop.

15. Do not interfere with admin sits at all.

16. Don’t create inappropriate/offensive text signs.

17. You may not RP, or kill in spawn, unless your RP was initiated outside of spawn.

18. No combat arrest. (Baton Rushing, Arresting when in a fire fight).

19. Misclick/Crossfire/"Didn't mean too" are all still RDM.

20. You cannot have multiple adverts in 1 bind. (i.e RAID/COUNTER/MUG DROP 1k/OVER)
Binds like Over/False and Raid/Raid Assist are allowed



Building Rules



1. When building your base you are only allowed to have 4 fading doors total.

2. Whilst building, you may not advert any actions towards other players.

3. When there is a building sign is up you can not raid the base.

5. All keypads must have a hold length of 5 seconds.

6. One way props are allowed, but you cannot shoot through them.        

7. You can have shooting windows.

8. Do not make your base impenetrable.

9. You cannot prop block all entrances. There must be one way into the base.

10. Your keypad must be visible.

11. You cannot have crouch entrance bases.

12. You may only own one base/building at a time.

13. You cannot have fake keypads.

14. You are not allowed to hide entities in inaccessible areas.

15. You are allowed to have KOS signs outside your base but not to large of an area.

16. You cannot build during a raid this is considered FailRP.



Raiding Rules



1. You must advert "Raid" before you begin.

2. The raid can last no more than 10 minutes.

3. Do not abuse fading doors meaning do not use your key bindings for the fading doors to access them.

4. You may not kidnap people for longer than 10 minutes unless there is great roleplay involved.

5. If you die during a raid you may not return for 10 minutes to that location or until raid is over.

6. You cannot raid the same person until the 15 minute cooldown has expired.

7. When raiding, everyone inside the base is KOS.

8. Do not raid someone with a building sign.

9. Once they leave the base you can return back to your base.

10. You must wait a cooldown of 5 minutes between each raid.

11. Defenders must follow RDR (Raider Defender's Rule) which means that the defender can't have an extreme advantage over raiders. 



Mugging Rules



1. You can only mug for a limit of $5000

2. You can only advert "Mug" every 5 minutes.

3. You can not mug the same person constantly.

4. You must advert "Mug" before the mug commences to the give the player a fair chance.

5. You have to give them 15 seconds to give you the requested amount of money, if they refuse or take too long they can be killed.



Job Rules



Civil Protection / SWAT:

1. Do not randomly arrest or warrant people.

2. Do not shoot or kill people evading an arrest without warning them to stop moving beforehand.

3. Do not abuse the Stunstick.

4. Do not warrant people for nonsensical reasons that are not within the law.

5. You have to obey the law.

6. You have to obey orders from the Mayor and Police Chief.

7. You can not own doors or build a base.

9. You can not disrespect the Mayor, Police Chief or other people.

10. Do not break into the property or base of someone without a valid warrant.

12. Do not Propblock people from entering the Police Station.

13. You have to warn people to get inside of a building before you arrest them when there is a Lockdown.

14. You are not allowed to build on the streets for reasons other than making a weaponcheck point.

15. The weaponcheck point must be free to pass through at all times and may not contain a fading door.

16. People may kill you if you run towards them with an Arrest Baton or if you tell them to drop their weapons.

19. Do not weaponcheck people randomly, there needs to be a visible Textscreen which states that you will be weaponchecked.

21. Do not random drug check players outside of a checkpoint.

22. During a PD raid there is no NLR timer for the Police force. They can return as often as they like. 


Mayor:

1. You are only allowed to possess a pistol for self-defence.

2. You must have reasonable laws.

3. You can not own doors or build a base.

4. You are only allowed to build inside of the Police Station.

6. Do not place a warrant or make someone wanted for reasons outside of the law.

7. You are not allowed to create or join a gang.

9. You may only have laws which are reasonable.


Gangsters / Mob Boss / Thief:

1. You are allowed to build a base and base with others.

2. Thieves can be hired by gangs or law enforcement to crack Keypads or pick locks.

3. You are allowed to join or create a gang.

4. You are allowed to possess guns.

5. You are allowed to own Money Printers.

6. You are allowed to advert actions.

7. Gangsters must comply with the Mob Boss.

Gun Dealer:

1. You may supply yourself with a single pistol for self defense.

2. You must build a gun store so that people can purchase weapons from you. You cannot sell on the streets.

3. You are not allowed to advert any actions other than hobo/freerunner warn for being in your shop.

4. Do not scam players, if money is received from a player you must give them their specified weapons.

5. You are allowed to possess any weapon for self-defence. (But you can only supply yourself a pistol, you must purchase other guns from other dealers)

7. You are only allowed to own doors and build a base for the purpose of creating a gun store.


All Drug Cooks:

1. Do not sell drugs to the Mayor or law enforcement unless the law states it is legal.

2. You are allowed to give out free drugs.

3. Can have any weapon but only to protect themselves.

5. You are allowed to own Money Printers.

6. You are allowed to own doors and build a base/drug store.


Hitman:

1. You must advert Hit accepted & Hit completed [With the reason for the hit stated here] (the cooldown period does not apply to this advert)

2. Hitmen are not allowed to advert actions other than the ones stated in rule 1.

3. Do not accept any hit requests placed by the Mayor or any law enforcement unless the law states it is legal.

4. Carrying out a hit request on a staff member on duty is strictly forbidden.

5. The Hitman is allowed to possess any weapon.

7. You can not base with others or join a gang.

8. You are allowed to own Money Printers.

9. There needs to be a valid roleplay reason for accepting hit requests (e.g. I do not agree with the Mayor's laws so I want you to kill him.).

10. You are allowed to own doors but you cannot build a base.

11. The maximum amount that you are allowed to set a hit price to is $10,000.

12. After failing or completing a hit, wait 10 minutes before accepting another hit request on the same person.

13. Disguising as Staff on Duty and / or Head of Staff is forbidden.

15. You must state the reason for completing a hit. (e.g. Hit completed - Tried to kidnap the client.)

16. Accepting hits in open areas, when hits are illegal, is forbidden.



Hobo:

 You are not allowed to own doors, you must build on the streets.

2. The Hobo is not allowed to possess any weapons.

3. The King Hobo is allowed to possess a pistol for self-defence.

4. You are not allowed to advert any actions.

6. Do not block off tunnels or walkways on the streets.

7. You are allowed to microphone spam if you station yourself in an area in which you have built (e.g. place a couch, sit on it and stay there).

9. You are allowed to protest against the government even when the law states it is illegal.

11. When building on the street, place a building text screen on your creation to avoid adverts being targeted towards you (optional)

12. When you have a building sign, you have to be actively building at that location.

13. If a staff member feels that your structure is unreasonable or too large, you must remove it.

Terrorist:

1. You can only detonate your bomb after adverting Terror

2. There is a 10 minute cooldown between each terror attack (Advert)

4. After the terrorist attack (once the bomb is detonated) you must advert "terror over"

5. You are not allowed to advert anything other than Terror adverts.

6. You cannot own any doors or base.


DJ:

1. You are only allowed to possess a pistol for self-defence.

3. You are not allowed to advert any actions.

4. You have to obey laws made by the Mayor.

5. You are allowed to protest if the law states it is legal to do so.

6. You are allowed to own doors but you are not allowed to build a base.

7. You are allowed to base with other people, but you cannot join a gang.

8. You are allowed to build on the streets.

10. When building on the street, place a building text screen on your creation to avoid adverts being targeted towards you (optional)

11. When you have a building sign, you have to be actively building at that location.

Medic.


1. You are allowed to ASSIST raid, cannot raid on your own.

3. You can possess weapons.

5. You are allowed to charge money for heals.

6. You are only allowed to own doors and build a base if you are with another person or making a hospital.


Citizen:

1. You are allowed to possess a pistol for self defence.

2. You are not allowed to advert any actions.

3. You have to obey laws made by the Mayor.

4. You are allowed to protest if the law states it is legal to do so.

5. You are allowed to own doors but you are not allowed to build a base.

6. You are allowed to base with other people, but you cannot join a gang.

Pet:

1. You are not allowed to own any weapons.

2. You are only allowed to advert Raid Assist when Raiding with your owner and Counter anything that is targeted at your owner.

3. You are not allowed to own doors or build a base.

4. You can not join any gangs.

5. You can only have one owner.

6 When working for the police, you are allowed to kill any one who attacks your handler first.

7. When working for the police, you must only have one handler.

8. If your police handler orders you to kill a player, only do so if they have an immediate threat to the lives of civilians, you, or the officers around you.

Bank Guard:

1. You are allowed to build in the bank, but no fading doors and keypads.

2. You are allowed to break NLR during a bank raid.

3. You are not allowed to put a building sign out front, players can raid at any time.

4. You may not own any illegal enitys (printers, drugs, etc.)

5. You are allowed to guard the bank from outside the Bank.

6. You are allowed to arrest anyone that tries to raid the bank.